Eastriggs is a small village located in Dumfries and Galloway in the south of Scotland, the village is located around 2 mi (3.2 km) north of the mud and sandbanks of the channel of the River Eden, which extends west into the Solway Firth.
Travelling by road Eastrigg is 3 miles (5 kilometres) to the east of Annan, 19 mi (31 km) to the east of Dumfries, 5 miles (8 kilometres) to the west of Gretna, 17.7 miles (28 kilometres) to the west of Carlisle and 83.1 miles (134 kilometres) to the south of Edinburgh.
The B721 road, runs through Eastrigg and other neighbouring towns and villages connecting to the nearby A75. Ribes lobbii (known commonly by the names gummy gooseberry, fuchsia-flowered gooseberry or pioneer gooseberry) is a shrubby, deciduous, shade-intolerant perennial dicot found on the western coast of North America. It was first described in 1876 by Asa Gray. The specific epithet was a dedication to the English plant collector William Lobb.Iván Oñate was born in on March 17, 1948, in Ambato, Ecuador. He lives in Quito, Ecuador.  He has been called “the most original poet of the new generation” by French critics Jean Franco and Jean-Marie Lemogodeuc  They further remark that “one must pay attention to his disquieting visions, to his taste for life and vertigo, to his wild revelations mixing anguish and delirium.”  He has published eight books of poetry and fiction, and his widely anthologized work has been translated into at least five languages.Oñate is a professor of Semiotics and Latin American Literature at the Central University of Ecuador. Berwick Township is an inactive township in Newton County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.It has a population of 334, and is home to Berwick Church, Wright cemetery, as well as Clear Creek and Capps Creek.
Berwick Township took its name from the community of Berwick, Missouri. Kent Land District is one of the twenty land districts of Tasmania which are part of the Cadastral divisions of Tasmania. It was formerly one of the 18 counties of Tasmania. It is located on the southern tip of Tasmania. It is bordered by the Huon River to the north, and Picton River to the north-west. It includes Dover, Geeveston and Southport, and part of the Southwest National Park. The men's long jump was one of four men's jumping events on the Athletics at the 1964 Summer Olympics program in Tokyo.  It was held on 18 October 1964.  37 athletes from 23 nations entered, with 5 not starting in the qualification round. Dänholm (literally Danes' Isle) is a small island on the German coast of the Baltic Sea. It is situated in the Strelasund just east of Stralsund. Both bridges linking Rügen with the mainland, Rügendamm and Rügenbrücke, run over it. The island was the scene of an incident between the Swedish and French armies in 1807, when it belonged to Swedish Pomerania. SF Weekly is a free alternative weekly newspaper in San Francisco, California. The newspaper, distributed throughout the San Francisco Bay Area every Thursday, is published by the San Francisco Newspaper Company. Founded locally in the late 1970s by Christopher Hildreth and Edward Bachman and originally named ‘San Francisco Music Calendar, the Magazine or Poster Art’, Christopher saw a need for local artists to have a place to advertise performances and articles. The key feature was the centerfold calendar listings for local art events. Bought by Village Voice Media (then New Times Media) in 1995, SF Weekly has garnered notable national journalism awards. The paper sponsored the SF Weekly Music Awards, also known as the "Wammies."
In September 2012, Village Voice Media executives Scott Tobias, Christine Brennan and Jeff Mars bought Village Voice Media's papers and associated web properties from its founders and formed Voice Media Group. Four months later, SF Weekly was sold to The San Francisco Media Company, owners of The San Francisco Examiner and long-time rivals San Francisco Bay Guardian, giving the publishers control of three of the four major English-language newspapers in San Francisco. In 2014, San Francisco Media Co. became fully owned by Black Press. Simaria (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is an assembly constituency in  the Indian state of Jharkhand. The seat was created ahead of the 1977 Bihar Legislative Assembly election, being carved out of the Hazaribagh seat. Simaria is located in the Chatra Lok Sabha constituency. Tigania East Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of nine constituencies of Meru County. The constituency has five wards, all of which elect councillors for the Nyambene County Council. The constituency was established for the 1997 elections.
It was  one of four constituencies of the former Meru North District. Navy Heights is an unincorporated community in Clatsop County, Oregon, United States. It began as a housing project in nearby Astoria. The John Steel Singers is an Australian six piece band from Brisbane, Queensland, named after a toy horse that band member Tim Morrissey named John Steel. They were formed in 2007 when Morrissey and Scott Bromiley decided to start making music together and were soon joined by Ross Chandler, Pete Bernoth, Pat McDermott and Luke McDonald. The band released an EP and a mini album independently before signing with Levi's Jeans' record label Levity and releasing another EP, In Colour. The band has had multiple tracks on rotation on Triple J, won a Triple J Unearthed competition and became the Unearthed Artist of the Year in 2008. The band's song 'Overpass' placed 52nd in the 2010 Hottest 100. Palladium(II) chloride, also known as palladium dichloride and palladous chloride, are the chemical compounds with the formula PdCl2. PdCl2 is a common starting material in palladium chemistry – palladium-based catalysts are of particular value in organic synthesis. It is prepared by the reaction of chlorine with palladium metal  at high temperatures. At 824,292 km2 (318,261 sq mi), Namibia is the world's thirty-fourth largest country. After Mongolia, Namibia is the second least densely populated country in the world (2.7 inhabitants per square kilometre (7.0/sq mi)). Parched is a 2015 Indian drama film written and directed by Leena Yadav and produced by Ajay Devgan under his banner Ajay Devgn FFilms. It premiered at the Special Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival. In India, the film released on 23 September 2016. Jana Novotná was the defending champion and won in the final 7–5, 6–1 against Monica Seles. The 1978–79 Divizia B was the 39th season of the second tier of the Romanian football league system.
The format has been maintained to three series, each of them having 18 teams. At the end of the season the winners of the series promoted to Divizia A and the last four places from each series relegated to Divizia C. Rafael Cruz (born 1939) is a minister and the father of U.S. Senator Ted Cruz.
Rafael or Raphael Cruz may also refer to:

Rafael Peñas Cruz (born 1964), Spanish novelist
Rafael Santa Cruz (1960–2014), Peruvian musician
Rafael Cruz (footballer) (born 1985), Brazilian footballer
Raphael Cruz (1986–2018), American acrobat, clown and actor
Ted Cruz (born 1970), full name Rafael Edward Cruz, U.S. senator
Rafael Cruz (baseball), former United States, Dominican Republic and Japanese baseball player Ramsey Bethann Carpenter-Bearse is an American beauty pageant titleholder and teacher. She was named Miss Kentucky 2014 on July 12, 2014. She competed for the title of Miss America 2015, where she won the preliminary talent competition and placed in the Top 12 as a semi-finalist. Her platform issue was multiple sclerosis awareness. The Rhythm Devils are a band led by founding Grateful Dead drummer Bill Kreutzmann and drummer Mickey Hart who was a Grateful Dead member for most of the band's existence. Nico Mantl (born 6 February 2000) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for SpVgg Unterhaching. The 1995 Birkin Cars/TVR Invitational Race was a non-championship Formula 3000 race held at the Kyalami Grand Prix Circuit in South Africa. Jan Lammers won the race after passing polesitter Kenny Bräck in the first turn. HNLMS Prins van Oranje (Dutch: Hr.Ms. Prins van Oranje) was a Prins van Oranje-class minelayer of the Royal Netherlands Navy build by N.V. Internationale Scheepsbouw Mij. 'De Maas'. She was designed for service in the Dutch East Indies. She was sunk during World War II by Japanese forces. Umprempur is a town in Dhanusadham Municipality in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal.  The former village was merged on 18 May 2014 along with Govindapur, Umprempur, Yagyabhumi, Dhanusadham village development committees (VDCs) to form the new municipality. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,345 persons living in 1774 individual households. Dag Coward (1910–2000) was a Norwegian economist who served as the fourth rector of the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH) from 1964-1972.
Born in Kristiansand he studied at the University of Oslo, where he took the economics exam in 1931.He was appointed Knight of the Order of St. Olav. Herman Matinpoika "Hermanni" Pihlajamäki (11 November 1903 – 4 June 1982) was a Finnish wrestler. He competed in freestyle wrestling at the 1932 and 1936 Olympics and won a gold and a bronze medal, respectively. At the European championships he won a freestyle gold medal in 1931, and two silver medals in 1935, in freestyle and Greco-Roman wrestling.Pihlajamäki won six Finnish titles: in 1927, 1930, 1932 and 1935–1937, five of them in freestyle wrestling. He worked as a policeman. His cousin Kustaa was also a policeman and an Olympic champion in wrestling. Manfred Ruthner (born 30 January 1952) is an Austrian rower. He competed in the men's eight event at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Platyptilia grisea is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is known from Madagascar.
This species has a wingspan of 18mm. The News and Tribune (N&T) is a six-day (Monday through Saturday) daily newspaper serving Clark and Floyd counties in Indiana. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc, and based out of Jeffersonville, Indiana. Aside from its flagship publication, the N&T also publishes SoIn, a Thursday entertainment feature, periodical business and fitness magazines, and annual election guides and government statistics guides. The N&T also publishes jail booking information for both counties Tuesday through Saturday, periodic police run information, and on Saturdays publishes church information, milestones, a listing of marriage license recipients, and a full-color comics section.
It was published as two different newspapers, The Evening News in Clark County and The Tribune in Floyd County, until March 2011, when the two papers merged. The two papers had shared certain resources, including a shared website, for several years prior to the merger. Offices are maintained in both counties; its Clark County headquarters, which also houses the main offices, are located at the former Evening News office on Spring Street, within the Old Jeffersonville Historic District, and its Floyd County headquarters are in the former Tribune office in New Albany.
The News and Tribune maintains a news gathering and reporting partnership with Louisville NBC affiliate WAVE. Cranial may refer to:

Of or relating to the cranium, i.e. the skull
Anatomical terms of location
Cranial auscultation
Cranial cavity, the space formed inside the skull
Cranial nerves, the nerves that emerge directly from the brain
Cranial neural crest
Cranial ultrasound, a technique for scanning the brain using high-frequency sound waves Walter Habersatter (14 March 1930 in Radstadt – 30 May 2018 in Radstadt) was an Austrian ski jumper who competed from 1955 to 1971.
His biggest success is the second place in the general classification 7th Four Hills Tournament (11th place in Oberstdorf , 10th in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, 5th place in Innsbruck and 1st place in Bischofshofen).
Habersatter also finished 15th in the ski jumping event at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo.
His daughter-in-law Brigitte Totschnig won the silver medal in the women's downhill event at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck. Caroline Côté (born 17 July 1962) is a Canadian volleyball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics. The Calgary Dinos are the athletic teams that represent the University of Calgary in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. They were known as the "Dinosaurs" but usually referred to as the "Dinos" until 1999, when the name was officially shortened. Some of its venues are the Jack Simpson Gymnasium (basketball m/w, volleyball m/w, track and field m/w), McMahon Stadium (football, soccer m/w), Hawkings Field (field hockey), University of Calgary Aquatic Centre (swimming, often shortened to Aquatic Centre) and a 200m Running Track (cross-country and track & field practices).
The men's hockey team plays at Father David Bauer Olympic Arena, while the women's hockey team's schedule is split between the Olympic Oval and Father David Bauer Olympic Arena. In the rare case of scheduling conflicts, both men's and women's hockey have used the Max Bell Centre for games. A capillary hemangioma (also known as an Infantile hemangioma, Strawberry hemangioma, and Strawberry nevus) is the most common variant of hemangioma which appears as a raised, red, lumpy area of flesh anywhere on the body, though 83% occur on the head or neck area. These marks occur in about 10% of all births, and usually appear between one and four weeks after birth. It may grow rapidly, before stopping and slowly fading. Some are gone by the age of 2, about 60% by 5 years, and 90–95% by 9 years. Capillary hemangioma is a vascular anomaly.
Capillary hemangiomas occur 5 times more often in female infants than in males, and mostly in Caucasian populations. Additionally, low birthweight infants have a 26% chance of developing a hemangioma.It is the most common tumor of orbit and periorbital areas in childhood. It may occur in the skin, subcutaneous tissues and mucous membranes of oral cavities and lips as well as in the liver, spleen and kidneys. While this birthmark may be alarming in appearance, physicians generally counsel that it be left to disappear on its own, unless it is in the way of vision or blocking the nostrils. Norm Houghton may refer to:

Norm Houghton (magician) (1909–1998)
Norm Houghton (historian) (born 1948), historian and archivist
Norm Houghton (pioneer irrigator) (died 2014), rice farmer in Australia Ectemnia invenusta, the unattractive black fly, is a species of black flies in the family Simuliidae. Texas Flood is the debut studio album by the American blues rock band Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble, released on June 13, 1983 by Epic Records. The album was named after a cover featured on the album, "Texas Flood", which was first recorded by blues singer Larry Davis in 1958. Produced by the band and recording engineer Richard Mullen, Texas Flood was recorded in the space of three days at Jackson Browne's personal recording studio in Los Angeles. Vaughan wrote six of the album's ten tracks.
Two singles, "Love Struck Baby" and "Pride and Joy", were released from the album. A music video was made for "Love Struck Baby" and received regular rotation on MTV in 1983. Texas Flood was reissued in 1999 with five bonus tracks including an interview segment, studio outtake, and three live tracks recorded on September 23, 1983 at The Palace in Hollywood, California. The album was reissued again in 2013, with two CDs in celebration of the album's 30th anniversary. Disc 1 is the original album with one bonus track, "Tin Pan Alley". Disc 2 is a previously unreleased concert recorded at Ripley's Music Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on October 20, 1983.
Texas Flood received positive reviews, with critics praising the deep blues sound, and Vaughan’s songwriting, while some criticized the album for straying too far from mainstream rock. A retrospective review by AllMusic awarded it five out of five stars. Meet Maxwell Archer is a 1940 British mystery film directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring John Loder, Leueen MacGrath and Athole Stewart. The screenplay concerns a private detective who attempts to clear a man wrongly accused of murder. The film was based on the 1938 novel by Hugh Clevely. It was released in the U.S. in 1942 as Maxwell Archer, Detective. Hull is the name of some places in the U.S. state of Wisconsin:

Hull, Marathon County, Wisconsin, a town
Hull, Portage County, Wisconsin, a town The 2011 Clydesdale Bank 40 tournament was the second season of the ECB 40 limited overs cricket competition for the English and Welsh first-class counties. In addition to the 18 counties, Scotland and the Netherlands took part, as well as the Unicorns, a team of players who did not have first-class contracts.The competition consisted of three groups of seven teams, from which the top team from each group, plus the best second-placed team, progressed to the semi-finals. The groups were allocated randomly. Brafferton is a village  and civil parish in County Durham, England. It is administered as part of the borough of Darlington. The population of Brafferton Parish taken at the 2011 census was 154. It is situated between Darlington and Newton Aycliffe, a short distance from Coatham Mundeville.
Brafferton itself has few amenities, but nearby is the Darlington town centre, a local public house - The Foresters Arms - and the Hall Garth Hotel. Brafferton is near the A1 junction 59.
The Durham Ox was bred at Ketton Hall in Brafferton. Hunsecker was originally an anglicized version of the surname, Hunziker.  Hunsecker may refer to:

 Hunsecker, the surname.
 Hunsecker, a community in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. AvalonBay Communities, Inc. is a publicly traded real estate investment trust that invests in apartments.
As of January 31, 2019, the company owned 78,365 apartment units, all of which were in New England, the New York City metropolitan area, the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, Seattle, and California. It is the fourth largest owner of apartments in the United States.

 David Powers is a fictional character from the 1987 film The Lost Boys portrayed by Kiefer Sutherland. David is believed to be the main antagonist of the film and is the head of a gang of vampires in the fictional town of Santa Carla, but he is later revealed to have simply been an underling of Max. Athena Leads the Young Warrior into the Fight (German: Der Jüngling wird von Athena in neuen Kampf geführt) is an 1853 sculpture by Albert Wolff, installed on Schlossbrücke in Berlin, Germany. Phalium torquata is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae, the helmet snails and bonnet snails. The 8 bore, also known as the 8 gauge, is an obsolete caliber used commonly in the 19th-century black-powder firearms. Cethegus elegans is a species of spider in the genus Cethegus found in Queensland. Cae Pwll-y-bo is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Brecknock, Powys, Wales. It is managed by the Brecknock Wildlife Trust and is noted for the globeflower. Loyola Institute of Technology and Management is an engineering college in Guntur, offering graduate (Masters) and undergraduate education (Bachelors) courses in engineering and technology. It is located in the suburban region of Guntur City, India. Loyola Institute of Technology & Management was established in the academic year 2001. The managing Director of the college is Balashowry Vallabhaneni and Principal of the college is BSB Reddy. 
Popularly known as "LITAM", Loyola Institute of Technology and Management is affiliated to  Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Kakinada and approved by AICTE. The college has well equipped laboratories and library. This college is located at Dhulipalla which is about 8 km apart from Sattenapalli. In geometry, the Weber problem, named after Alfred Weber, is one of the most famous problems in location theory. It requires finding a point in the plane that minimizes the sum of the transportation costs from this point to n destination points, where different destination points are associated with different costs per unit distance.
The Weber problem generalizes the geometric median, which assumes transportation costs per unit distance are the same for all destination points, and the problem of computing the Fermat point, the geometric median of three points. For this reason it is sometimes called the Fermat–Weber problem, although the same name has also been used for the unweighted geometric median problem. The Weber problem is in turn generalized by the attraction–repulsion problem, which allows some of the costs to be negative, so that greater distance from some points is better.

 Giuseppe Maria Bamboschek (1890 – 1969) was an Italian-American opera conductor, pianist, organist, music director and film director.  During his expansive career, Bamboschek conducted performances including famed singers Enrico Caruso, Rosa Ponselle, Giovanni Martinelli, Giuseppe De Luca, and many more. Manius Laberius Maximus was a Roman senator and general, who was active during the reign of Domitian and Trajan. He was twice consul: the first time he was suffect consul in the nundinium of September–December 89 as the colleague of Aulus Vicirius Proculus; the second time as ordinary consul in 103 as colleague to the Emperor Trajan.He was a member of a family that originated in Lanuvium, where his presumed grandfather, Lucius Laberius Maximus, was a magistrate. His father, also Lucius Laberius Maximus, was a high equestrian official who was successively praefectus annonae, Prefect of Egypt and Praetorian prefect in the years 80-84. His mother is unknown. Lucius' achievements enabled his son Manius to be adlected to the senatorial order. The Victoria Falls Hotel is a historic hotel at Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe.  The hotel is dramatically situated, with a view of the Second Gorge and the Victoria Falls Bridge from its terrace.
The hotel is a member of the Leading Hotels of the World group.  It is managed by African Sun Limited.

 Sweet Home is a city in Linn County, Oregon, United States. The population was 8,925 at the 2010 census. According to the city, "Sweet Home is sometimes referred to as the 'Gateway to the Santiam Playground' due to its proximity to nearby lakes, rivers and the Cascade Mountains." Stephen Foster's sketchbook is the hand-written book authored by early American composer and lyricist Stephen Collins Foster. It spans a nine-year period beginning on June 26, 1851. It was donated to the University of Pittsburgh Library System by the Foster family in the early 1930s. The National History Education Clearinghouse considers it a " useful resource for those researching Foster or the history of 19th-century American music and culture." Campyloneurum angustifolium is a fern species in the family Polypodiaceae, commonly known as narrow strapfern or narrow-leaf strap fern.It is native to Florida, Puerto Rico, Cuba, Jamaica, Mexico, Mesoamerica, Central America, and tropical South America. Alan Navarro (born 31 May 1981) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. The Endless Game is a two-part television miniseries that premiered in the United Kingdom in 1989 before appearing on Showtime in the United States in 1990. An espionage thriller, it was written and directed by Bryan Forbes and starred Albert Finney and George Segal. Kristin Scott Thomas and Ian Holm played supporting roles and the musical score was composed by Ennio Morricone. The Central Alliance was a football league in England, covering the East Midlands. This is a list of programs previously broadcast by 2nd Avenue, owned by Solar Entertainment Corporation. programming consists of comedy series, drama series, lifestyle, entertainment news programs, talk shows, sitcoms, reality shows, movie block and infomercials programs. Since June 6, 2018, 2nd Avenue has ceased broadcasting on its longtime free-TV partner Rajah Broadcasting Network, which carried the station since 2008.
Produced in the United States and the United Kingdom. Most of the American TV shows are from broadcast networks such as ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox, and The CW and cable channels such as Bravo, Cooking Channel, Travel Channel, USA Network, FX, HGTV, and CNN. Several Australian shows are from Seven Network, while some of British TV programs are from the BBC. These are tables of congressional delegations from Missouri to the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate. The 169th Ohio Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment in the Union Army between May 13, 1864, and September 4, 1864, during the American Civil War. Hugh S. Torrens is a British historian of geology and paleontology, and Emeritus Professor of History of Science and Technology at Keele University.Torrens received a bachelor's degree from the University of Oxford and a PhD from the University of Leicester.He was president of the Society for the History of Natural History from 2012 to 2015, when he was succeeded by Arthur MacGregor. Papi is Belgian-French-Ugandan film that was written and directed by Belgian writer and director Kjell Clarysse. The film was shot on a shoestring budget of $15,000 (about Shs 54.5m) on location in Kampala, Belgium and France in 2015 but still got a successful premier in Belgium in 2017. It premiered in Uganda in February 2018. The Portrait of Lozana: The Lusty Andalusian Woman (original title in Spanish: Retrato de la Loçana andaluza) is a book written in Venice by the Spanish editor of the Renaissance, Francisco Delicado, in 1528, after he escaped from Rome due to the anti-Spanish sentiment that uprose after the sack of Rome a year earlier. Published anonymously, the book contains a description of the life in Rome's underworld during the first third of the 16th century. It is considered a book descendant of Celestina (written some thirty years before by Fernando de Rojas) because of the literary genre, the novel in dialogue, and one of the earliest manifestations of the picaresque novel. The Shvetsov ASh-73 was an 18-cylinder, air-cooled, radial aircraft engine produced between 1947 and 1957 in the Soviet Union. It was primarily used as the powerplant for the Tupolev Tu-4 heavy bomber, a copy of the American Boeing B-29 Superfortress. Bulbophyllum undatilabre is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum. Lachnomyrmex nordestinus is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. Greenbrier East High School is a consolidated school in Fairlea, West Virginia that serves grades 9 through 12 and is a part of Greenbrier County Schools.  Greenbrier East High School is located on Spartan Lane, just off US 219 near Lewisburg, West Virginia. Although not within easy walking distance of Lewisburg, the school has a Lewisburg mailing address.  The school has 1,159 students enrolled (as of 2014–2015), and over 75 faculty members.
The Spartans won the 2012 girls' basketball state championship under head coach and now Governor Jim Justice (since 2017), the billionaire businessman who has coached the team since 2003 (and the boys' team from 2011 through 2017). Justice has stated that he intends to continue his coaching duties while serving as Governor of the state of West Virginia. Falcão – Meninos do Tráfico is a Brazilian documentary produced by rapper MV Bill, his agent Celso Athayde and the Central Única das Favelas audiovisual center. The documentary presents the life of young favela dwellers who work with drug trafficking. The independent production gained special attention after it was transmitted by Rede Globo, the largest television network in the country, in its popular weekly TV show Fantástico. The documentary was recorded between 1998 and 2006, when the producers visited various poor communities in Brazil, recording a total of 90 hours of video. The name of the documentary comes from the term "falcão" (falcon) used in the slums to refer to the lookouts who keep watch over the community and inform when the police or a rival group approaches. During the recordings the two producers had to face the hostile environment where the boys lived. Lennox may refer to: Walter Samuel Millard (1864–1952) was a British entrepreneur and naturalist who was honorary secretary of the Bombay Natural History Society, editor of the Journal of the Bombay Natural History Society from 1906 to 1920, co-author (with Ethelbert Blatter) of the classic, Some Beautiful Indian Trees, and the driving force behind the Mammal Survey of the Indian subcontinent conducted by the society between 1911 and 1923. Akeem Adeniyi Adeyemi (born  1977) also known as Skimeh is a Nigerian politician. He is a member of the Nigeria Federal House of Representatives representing the Afijio, Oyo West, Oyo East, Atiba West federal constituency. He is the son of the paramount king of Oyo town Oba Lamidi Olayiwola III. Common names: Bredl's python, Centralian python, Centralian carpet python, central Australian carpet python, Bredl's carpet python, central Australian Bredl's carpet python, central Bredl's carpet python.Morelia bredli is a non-venomous python species found in Australia. No subspecies are currently recognized. Joshua Solomon-Davies (born 20 November 1999) is a Saint Lucian professional footballer who plays as a rightback for the Saint Lucia national football team. He is who plays for Marine in the Northern Premier League - North West Division. Gosasi is a very small village in the Khed (Rajgurunagar) Taluka with a population of less than 1,500. It is 13 to 14 km (8.7 mi) from Khed. Immigrant Union is an Australian-American psychedelic folk/country band from Melbourne. It consists of Brent DeBoer (from The Dandy Warhols), Bob Harrow, Peter Lubulwa, Ben Street and Paddy McGrath-Lester. Courtney Barnett and her band consisting of Dave Mudie and Bones Sloane were members of Immigrant Union from 2011 to 2013 and feature on their second studio album Anyway. Axoclinus is a genus of triplefins in the family Tripterygiidae. This genus has sex described species. It is restricted to the eastern tropical Pacific.The genus is characterised by having ctenoid scales, a lateral line which shows pored scales towards the head and notched scales towards the tail, the pelvic fins have two separated rays and the anal fin also has two spines and the possession of vomerine teeth but no palatine teeth. Por Ti (from Spanish: For you) may refer to

Por Ti (album), by Ednita Nazario
Por Ti, an album by Banda el Recodo
"Por Ti" (song), by Belanova
"Por Ti", a song by Morbo from their album Morbo
Por ti (TV series) WLMT, virtual channel 30 (UHF digital channel 31), is a CW-affiliated television station licensed to Memphis, Tennessee, United States. The station is owned by Tegna Inc., as part of a duopoly with ABC affiliate WATN-TV (channel 24). The two stations share studios at the Shelby Oaks Corporate Park on Shelby Oaks Drive in the northeast section of Memphis and transmitter facilities in the Brunswick section of unincorporated northeast Shelby County. There is no separate website for WLMT; instead, it is integrated with that of sister station WATN-TV.
WLMT and WATN's studio facilities also handle master control and some internal operations for Jackson-licensed former sister station and Fox affiliate WJKT (channel 16).

 Rockin' Roll Baby is the third studio album recorded by American R&B group The Stylistics, released in November 1973 on the Avco label.   It was produced by Thom Bell and recorded at Sigma Sound Studio North in Philadelphia.  This would be the group's last album to be produced by Bell. Remixes of the Spheres is a collection of mixes, live versions and unreleased B-sides by former lead singer of the Stone Roses, Ian Brown. The album reworks many tracks from his third album, Music of the Spheres. UNKLE, Nightmares on Wax and Freelance Hellraiser were among the collaborators on this album. Coal Creek is a tributary of the Clinch River in Tennessee, approximately 10.3 miles (16.6 km) long.
Coal Creek flows northward along the southeastern base of Cross Mountain, slicing a narrow valley in which the communities of Briceville and Fraterville are located, to Lake City, a town formerly named Coal Creek, at the base of the Cumberland Plateau. The creek's confluence with the Clinch River is east of Lake City and below Norris Dam, near the Interstate 75 highway bridge across the river.
The creek drains a watershed area of about 36 square miles (93 km2). Beech Grove Fork is its largest tributary stream. Coal Creek's water quality is affected by coal surface mining, municipal wastewater discharges, and channelization. Liguri, or Logorik, is an Eastern Sudanic language of the Daju family spoken by the Logorik people in the Liguri Hills of the Nuba Mountains, northeast of Kaduqli in South Kurdufan province in southern Sudan. Recilia antea is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to Congo. Lower respiratory tract infection (LRTI), while often used as a synonym for pneumonia, can also be applied to other types of infection including lung abscess and acute bronchitis. Symptoms include shortness of breath, weakness, fever, coughing and fatigue. A routine chest x-ray is not always necessary for people who have symptoms of a lower respiratory tract infection.Influenza affects both the upper and lower respiratory tracts.Antibiotics are the first line treatment for pneumonia; however, they are neither effective nor indicated for parasitic or viral infections. Acute bronchitis typically resolves on its own with time.
In 2015 there were about 291 million cases. These resulted in 2.74 million deaths down from 3.4 million deaths in 1990. This was 4.8% of all deaths in 2013. The 52nd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 52 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Europe, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.
In Canada, part of the legally defined border between Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador is defined by the parallel, though Quebec maintains a dormant claim to some of the territory north of this line.The catchment area of London, the capital city of England and the United Kingdom, can be broadly defined by the 51st and 52nd parallels.At this latitude the sun is visible for 16 hours, 44 minutes during the summer solstice and 7 hours, 45 minutes during the winter solstice.

 The Canton of Saint-Symphorien-d'Ozon is a French administrative division, located in the Rhône department.
The canton was established in 1790. Its boundaries are modified by decree of 27 February 2014 which came into force in March 2015. Bystrc is a district of the city of Brno in the Czech Republic. Former village on the banks of the Svratka river. The Brno Zoo and Brno reservoir are located there.

Called also Prigl in local slang dialect Hantec.

 Lutter is a municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Thuringia, Germany. "Lasst uns erfreuen herzlich sehr" (Let us rejoice most heartily) is a hymn tune that originated from Germany in 1623, and which found widespread popularity after The English Hymnal published a 1906 version in strong triple meter with new lyrics. The triumphant melody and repeated "Alleluia" phrases have supported the tune's widespread usage during the Easter season and other festive occasions, especially with the English texts "Ye Watchers and Ye Holy Ones" and "All Creatures of Our God and King".
The tune's first known appearance was in the 1623 hymnal Auserlesene, Catholische, Geistliche Kirchengesäng (Selected Catholic Spiritual Church-Songs) during the Counter-Reformation and the Thirty Years' War, and the oldest published version that still exists is from 1625. The original 1623 hymnal was edited by Friedrich Spee, an influential Jesuit priest, professor, and activist against witch-hunts, who is often credited as the hymn's composer and original lyricist. The 1906 hymnal was edited by notable composer Ralph Vaughan Williams, whose arrangement of the hymn has become the standard for English-speaking churches. Gnomidolon bipartitum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Gounelle in 1909. Maulets may refer to:

Maulets (history), Valencian supporters of Archduke Charles during the War of the Spanish Succession.
Maulets (politics), a Catalan pro-independence youth political organization. Jackson Township is a township in Winneshiek County, Iowa, USA. The No. 1 Commando was a unit of the British Commandos and part of the British Army during the Second World War. It was raised in 1940 from the ranks of the existing independent companies. Operationally they carried out a series of small scale cross channel raids and spearheaded the Operation Torch landings in North Africa. They were then sent to the India as part of the 3rd Commando Brigade and took part in operations in the Burma Campaign. During the Second World War only eight commandos were recipients of the Victoria Cross,  two of the eight were from No. 1 Commando. After the war they were sent to reoccupy Hong Kong before being amalgamated with No. 5 Commando to form No. 1/5 Commando. The amalgamated No. 1/5 Commando was disbanded in 1947. Waking Sleeping Beauty is a 2009 American documentary film directed by Disney film producer Don Hahn and produced by Hahn and former Disney executive Peter Schneider. The film documents the history of Walt Disney Feature Animation from 1984 to 1994, covering the rise of a period referred to as the Disney Renaissance.
The film uses no new on-camera interviews, instead relying primarily on archival interviews, press kit footage, in-progress and completed footage from the films being covered, and personal film/videos shot (often against company policy) by the employees of the animation studio.
Waking Sleeping Beauty debuted at the 2009 Telluride Film Festival, and played at film festivals across the country before its limited theatrical release on March 26, 2010 by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Pseudocercospora kaki is a fungal plant pathogen, who causes leaf spot of persimmon. Some examples of host species are Diospyros hispida, Diospyros kaki, Diospyros lotus, Diospyros texana, and Diospyros tupru. Hino Rio-Grandense is the anthem of the brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. It's also called Hino Farroupilha due the historical period that the anthem was written, in the Ragamuffin War. The melody was composed by Joaquim José Mendanha, the lyrics by Francisco Pinto da Fontoura and harmonization by Antonio Corte Real. The original lyrics passed for a lot of changes and the current were adopted on January 5, 1966 in the period of the military government| María Irma Ortega Fajardo  is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Ecologist Green Party of Mexico. As of 2014 she served as Senator of the LX Legislature of the Mexican Congress. New Tavern Fort is an historic artillery fort in Gravesend, Kent. Dating mostly from the 18th and 19th centuries, it is an unusually well-preserved example of an 18th-century fortification and remained in use for defensive purposes until the Second World War. It was built during the American War of Independence to guard the Thames against French and Spanish raiders operating in support of the newly formed United States of America. It was redesigned and rebuilt in the mid-19th century to defend against a new generation of iron-clad French warships.
By the start of the 20th century, the Thames defences had been moved further downriver to the estuary and the fort was disarmed. Its grounds were opened to the public as pleasure gardens, but the fort was taken back into military use temporarily during the Second World War. Today the fort and its magazines and other underground structures have been restored and are open to the public. It is unique in the UK for its display of guns and emplacements ranging from the 18th to the 20th centuries. The 1987 Pittsburgh Gladiators season was the first season for the Gladiators. They finished 4–2 and lost a 45–16 game against the Denver Dynamite in ArenaBowl I. Security convergence refers to the convergence of two historically distinct security functions – physical security and information security – within enterprises; both are integral parts of any coherent risk management program.
Security convergence is motivated by the recognition that corporate assets are increasingly information-based.  Whereas in the past physical assets demanded the bulk of protection efforts, today information assets demand equal (if not far more) attention.
Convergence is endorsed by the three leading international organizations for security professionals – ASIS International, ISACA and ISSA – which together co-founded the Alliance for Enterprise Security Risk Management to, in part, promote it. Jacek Baluch (17 March 1940, Kraków – 3 July 2019, Kraków) was a Polish scholar, writer, poet, translator and politician. Paris Reidhead (May 30, 1919 - March 23, 1992) was a Christian missionary, teacher, writer, and advocate of economic development in impoverished nations.
Reidhead was born in a Minnesota farming community in 1919. When in his late teens, he committed himself to a life of Christian service.
In 1945, Reidhead took an assignment with the Sudan Interior Mission (SIM), surveying and analyzing indigenous languages in preparation for evangelistic and educational efforts near the Sudan-Ethiopia border. His proficiency in tribal languages was noted by his contemporaries. Reidhead's experiences in Sudan deeply impacted the core values that would later guide his life.
A spiritual crisis during this period—as he described two decades later in what is probably his best-known recorded teaching, "Ten Shekels and a Shirt"—left Reidhead with the conviction that much of evangelicalism had adopted utilitarian and humanistic philosophies contradictory to Biblical teaching. The end of all being, he came to believe, was not the happiness of man, but the glorification of God. This theme would recur throughout his later teaching.
Upon his return to the United States in 1949, Reidhead was appointed Deputation Secretary of the SIM. He associated himself with the Christian and Missionary Alliance movement and in 1953 began teaching at national conferences. Three years later he took a position as pastor at New York City's Gospel Tabernacle, which had been established in 1887 by A. B. Simpson.  While in New York, he drew on informational resources at the United Nations to pioneer a program through which government and private funds were used for economic development in the Third World.  His efforts to implement local programs on this model took him to mission fields in Africa, Asia, and South America.
Reidhead's involvement with the Sudanese also inspired him to seek a means to enable impoverished people in developing nations to help themselves and their families rise out of poverty.  Third World development became his full-time commitment in 1966.  His vision of public-private funding for economic development led, in 1971, to the formation of the Institute for International Development which has served as the model for about 90 evangelical organizations. In 1985, he helped found Enterprise Development International (EDI), a nonprofit Christian faith-based organization that works in partnership with local Christian groups to transfer the necessary training and capital to help entrepreneurs start sustainable family businesses.
Paris Reidhead died in Woodbridge, Virginia in 1992. The Salagou Formation is a geologic formation in France. It preserves fossils dating back to the Permian period. Cyanopulvis is a genus of fungi in the family Xylariaceae. This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Cyanopulvis australiensis. Trinchesiidae is a family of sea slugs, aeolid nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Fionoidea. 2-Acetyl-5-methylfuran is an organic compound with the chemical formula C7H8O2. COMPAS is a Canadian polling company. Ko Young-eun (born 1 March 1987) is a South Korean rower. She competed in the women's lightweight double sculls event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Natural is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band The Special Goodness, released on May 22, 2012 on Surf Green Records. Upon the album's release, Patrick Wilson noted, "You can get a six-inch turkey from Subway and be happy for thirty minutes, or get the new The Special Goodness and be happy forever." Pterygia crenulata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae, the miters or miter snails. Robert Hilary Kane (born 1938, Boston) is an American philosopher. He is Distinguished Teaching Professor of Philosophy at the University of Texas at Austin, and is currently on phased retirement.
He is the author of Free Will and Values (1985), Through the Moral Maze (1994), and The Significance of Free Will (1996: awarded the 1996 Robert W. Hamilton Faculty Book Award).  He also edited the Oxford Handbook of Free Will (2004) and has published many articles in the philosophy of mind and action, ethics, the theory of values and philosophy of religion. Periarteriolar lymphoid sheaths (or periarterial lymphatic sheaths, or PALS) are a portion of the white pulp of the spleen. They are populated largely by T cells and surround central arteries within the spleen; the PALS T-cells are presented with blood borne  antigens via myeloid dendritic cells. 
In contrast, the lymphoid portions of the white pulp are dominated by B cells. Saarathi (English: "Charioteer") is a 2011 Indian Kannada-language romantic action film written and directed by Dinakar Thoogudeep. It stars Darshan and debutante Deepa Sannidhi in the lead roles. V. Harikrishna scored for the film's background and its soundtrack, lyrics for which was penned by V. Nagendra Prasad.
The film released theatrically on 30 September 2011 when the Darshan was under judicial custody for alleged domestic violence against his wife, Vijayalakshmi. After initial denial, the makers admitted in February 2012 that the movie was based on the 1994 animated movie The Lion King. It received three awards at the 2011 Karnataka State Film Awards, including the Best Entertaining Movie. This is the list of cathedrals in Switzerland sorted by denomination. Hispar is a village in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan, located two kilometers below the snout of the 49 kilometer-long Hispar Glacier.  It can be reached from the Karakoram Highway by the road that leads south of Hunza towards Nagar (Nagir), Hopar (Hoppar) and Hispar, though in August 2006 this road was washed out at the confluence of the Hispar and Hunza Rivers, eliminating all vehicular access to the valley for a month or two. Extragalactic cosmic rays are very-high-energy particles that flow into the Solar System from beyond the Milky Way galaxy. The energies these particles possess are in excess of 1015 eV. Villa Place Historic District is a national historic district located at Rocky Mount, Nash County, North Carolina.  It encompasses 321 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure in a residential section of Rocky Mount. The buildings primarily date between about 1900 and 1950, and include notable examples of Queen Anne, Colonial Revival, Classical Revival, and Bungalow / American Craftsman style residential architecture. Located in the district is the separately listed Machaven.  Other notable buildings include the W.D. Cochran House (c. 1900), Mills-Watson House (c. 1914), Aladdin Homes Company "kit houses," the James Craig Braswell School (1940), Draine Confectionary (c. 1930), and West End Grocery (c. 1930).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999, with a boundary increase in 2002. Through Alien Eyes is a science fiction novel by Amy Thomson published in 1999 by Ace Books, the sequel to The Color of Distance. The story follows two aliens who return to Earth with the human protagonist from The Color of Distance. "If You're Gone" is a song by American rock band Matchbox Twenty. The song, written by the band's frontman Rob Thomas, was released in October 2000 as the second single from their second album Mad Season (2000). It reached number 5 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, becoming the band's second best-ranking song on the chart, and also became a hit on adult contemporary radio, spending two weeks at number 1 on the Billboard Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart. The Global Irish Economic Forum is a biennial conference held in Dublin, Ireland. Inspired by the World Economic Forum in Switzerland, international figures from the worlds of business and culture attend the event. The first Forum was held at Farmleigh in Dublin's Phoenix Park from 18–20 September 2009, and was given widespread coverage by RTÉ. The second forum was held at Dublin Castle in 2011. A university consortium (Finnish: yliopistokeskus) in Finland is an educational institution managed by the Ministry of Education, coordinating university-level higher education in localities where there are no universities. There are six such consortiums set up since 2004, in Kajaani, Kokkola, Lahti, Mikkeli, Poriin, and Seinäjoki. These consortiums typically work with one or more universities to provide education at their host localities. Endorsement (alternatively spelled "indorsement") may refer to a:

testimonial, a written or spoken statement promoting or advertising a product
political endorsement, publicly declaring support for a candidate
form added to an insurance policy, to modify its terms
signature on a negotiable instrument, such as a check
blank endorsement, a signature given without indicating the instrument's payee
note added to a driver's license, often to record a traffic offense Ayrton Azzopardi (born 12 September 1993) is a Maltese international footballer who plays for Sliema Wanderers, as a defensive midfielder. Aanai (English: Order) is a 2005 Indian Tamil action drama film written and directed by Selva. It stars Arjun, Namitha and Keerthi Chawla in the lead, while Vadivelu, Sanghavi and Manoj K. Jayan play pivotal roles. D. Imman composed the soundtrack, while Shiva was the cinematographer for the venture which released in December 2005.
The film is a remake of the 2004 film Man on Fire starring Denzel Washington and Dakota Fanning. The film's Hindi Bollywood remake, Ek Ajnabee, starring Amitabh Bachchan in the lead, was released a week later.

 Taeniophyllum norfolkianum, commonly known as the Norfolk Island ribbonroot, is a species of small, leafless epiphytic orchid. It has short stems, cylindrical green roots pressed against the substrate on which it is growing and between two and five small, tube-shaped, yellowish green flowers opening one at a time. It occurs on Norfolk Island but has also been reported from the North Island of New Zealand. The West Hills Mall is a shopping center located at Dukonah, near Weija along the Accra — Cape Coast Highway in the  Greater Accra Region of Ghana. Alpha/beta hydrolase domain containing 3 (ABHD3; alternative names: lung alpha/beta hydrolase 3, phospholipase ABHD3) is a single pass type II membrane member of the serine hydrolase family of enzymes. The expression of murine ABHD3 is highest in the brain, liver, and kidney. ABHD3 hydrolytic activity is highly specific for medium chain (e.g., dimyristoylphosphatidylcholine) and oxidatively truncated (e.g., azelaoyl PAF) phospholipids. ABHD3-deficient mice are viable, fertile, and possess dramatically elevated medium chain phospholipids in tissues and in blood. Conversely, ectopic expression of ABHD3 prevents the accumulation of oxidized phospholipids in cells.

 Frederik Ernst Koopman (22 October 1887 – 13 June 1980) was a Dutch rower. He competed in the men's eight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics. The Toyota RZ engine family is a straight-4 piston engine series built in Japan. The RZ series uses a cast-iron engine block and aluminum SOHC or DOHC cylinder heads. It has electronic fuel injection (EFI), 2 or 4 valves per cylinder and features forged steel connecting rods. This is a list of banks in Sri Lanka.

 Mark L. Kligman (born 1962) is the Mickey Katz Chair Professor of Jewish Music at the Herb Alpert School of Music, University of California, Los Angeles, a Chair position which was endowed by Katz's family in 2014. and also a published author of 5 books, the highest of which is in 150 libraries. He is also a board member of the Association for Jewish Studies and is the editor of the association's journal, Musica Judaica. He also authored a chapter in The Oxford Handbook of Religion and the Arts. Darlene Remembers Duke, Jonathan Plays Fats is a 1982 album by Jo Stafford and Paul Weston in which they perform in character as Jonathan and Darlene Edwards. The duo put their own unique interpretation on the music of Duke Ellington and Fats Waller with Stafford singing deliberately off key, while Weston plays an out of tune piano. The album was issued by Corinthian Records (COR-117). Billboard reviewed the album when it was newly released, saying, "the sounds they achieve may well lead to another Grammy for the duo next year." Stafford and Weston, in their personas of Jonathan and Darlene Edwards, were interviewed by Los Angeles Magazine following the release of the album. The Kfar Darom bus attack was a 1995 suicide attack on an Israeli bus carrying civilians and soldiers to Kfar Darom, an Israeli settlement in the Gaza Strip. The attack killed seven Israeli soldiers and one American civilian. The Shaqaqi faction of the Islamic Jihad, claimed responsibility for the bombing. A United States Federal district judge ruled that the Iranian Government had provided financial aid to the group that carried out the attack and were therefore responsible for the murder of the U.S. citizen. The court ordered the Government of Iran to pay the victim's family $247.5 million in damages.

 WNFZ is a radio station licensed to Powell, Tennessee, serving Knoxville, Tennessee.  WNFZ is owned by Midwest Communications. Jon-Rae Fletcher is a Canadian singer-songwriter. He has recorded both as a solo artist and with a back-up band, The River. Streptomyces niveus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in the United States. Streptomyces niveus produces the aminocoumarin antibiotic novobiocin and the compounds nivetetracyclate A and nivetetracyclate B. Hippopsis freyi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1955. Lester Eugene Siler, a convicted drug dealer in the United States, was beaten and tortured by Campbell County, Tennessee police during an interrogation at his home, during which officers attempted to coerce Siler to sign a consent form giving them permission to search his home without a warrant.
On July 8, 2004, police officers entered the house of Siler and tortured him using various methods, including applying electricity to his genitalia.  Upon arrival, the officers asked his wife, Jenny, and son, Austin, to leave. Before the torture, however, Siler's wife set up an audio recorder which captured a large portion of the incident.
Five officers, Gerald David Webber, Samuel R. Franklin, Joshua Monday, Shayne Green, and William Carroll were convicted in federal court of the beatings and attempted cover-up. They received prison sentences ranging from 51 to 72 months.The events went largely unreported in American news media.  Siler's civil suits filed at the federal and state level were both dismissed after he was jailed on a drug offense and his lawyers failed to notify a defense lawyer of a filing for an impermissibly long period of time, barring all possibility of recovering damages.  Two of the officers were employed by Campbell County after their release, reflecting public sentiment in favor of their actions. The women's 100m butterfly swimming event at the 2006 Asian Games was held on December 2, 2006 at the Hamad Aquatic Centre in Doha, Qatar. Epidesma perplexa is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It was described by Rothschild in 1912. It is found in Brazil. The Boer Republics (sometimes also referred to as Boer states) were independent, self-governed republics in the last half of the nineteenth century, created by the Dutch-speaking inhabitants of the Cape Colony and their descendants, variously named Trekboers, Boers and Voortrekkers in mainly the middle, northern and north eastern and eastern parts of what is now the country of South Africa. Two of the Boer Republics achieved international recognition and complete independence: the South African Republic (ZAR or Transvaal) and the Orange Free State. The republics did not provide separation of church and state, and initially only the Dutch Reformed Church, then also other churches in the Calvinist Protestant tradition, were allowed. The republics came to an end after the Second Boer War which resulted in the British annexation and later incorporation into the Union of South Africa.

 Zahed Sultan is a London based multimedia artist and entrepreneur from Kuwait. He has performed and presented his work internationally. Sultan is particularly known for his live audio-visual-dance performances. Legacy is a live album by Canadian jazz guitarist Lenny Breau. It was recorded in Toronto in June 1983, and released posthumously in 1984. Recordings from the same performance were later released on Quietude.Released on LP in 1984, the album's back cover notes written by Gene Lees state, "Lenny died in Los Angeles at the age of 43 in August of 1984 under murky circumstances". The album was remastered and reissued in 1995 by Guitarchives as Live at Bourbon St. with additional tracks. KBOB refers to the following broadcasting stations in the United States:

KBOB (AM), a radio station (1170 AM) licensed to serve Davenport, Iowa, United States
KIIK-FM, a radio station on 104.9 MHz licensed to DeWitt, Iowa, which held the call sign KBOB-FM from 2000 to 2014
KBEA-FM, a radio station on 99.7 MHz licensed to Muscatine, Iowa, which held the call sign KBOB from 1994 to 2000 Kierra (kee-er-rah) is a female given name. The name may be a variant of the Irish name Kiara meaning "dark" or a variant of the Greek name Kira meaning "lord". US usage of the name reached a peak in 1995. Don't Dream, Annette (German: Träum' nicht, Annette) is a 1949 German comedy film directed by Eberhard Klagemann and Helmut Weiss and starring Jenny Jugo, Max Eckard and Karl Schönböck. It was made by DEFA in the Soviet Zone of Germany which was soon afterwards to become East Germany.
The film's art direction was by Wilhelm Depenau, Otto Erdmann and Kurt Herlth. Young and In Love is the 1979 debut album by American singer Stacy Lattisaw. Released on June 13, 1979 by Cotillion Records (a subsidiary of Atlantic Records), Lattisaw was 12 years old at the time of this release. The lead single peaked at number 91 on the U.S. Soul charts. The album was produced by Van McCoy, one of his final projects before his death from a heart attack.  Also, the title track is a cover of the hit 1964 song by Ruby & the Romantics. Ellen Grove is an outer suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia and is located 20 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of the Brisbane central business district. At the 2016 Australian Census the population was recorded as 2,906. The British Airlines Stewards and Stewardesses Association (BASSA) is a branch of the British trade union Unite. It was originally formed exclusively for British Airways (BA) cabin crew, but other  branches exist representing air cabin crew at other airlines.Originally part of the Transport and General Workers' Union (TGWU), set-up after the Cabin Crew 89 breakaway, BASSA is now part of Unite the Union. With an office at Heathrow Airport, it provides year-round 24 hour support, with a secure website service for members and an emergency number for operational issues. Membership has fallen from a high point of over 11,000 in 2009 to c. 8,000 due to staff leaving British Airways employment as a result of redundancy.
BASSA retains its position as one of the largest branches of any union within the UK. Unite directly represents British Airways' fast-growing new entrant Mixed Fleet employees, limiting the scope for increasing BASSA membership in future, because its constituent Worldwide and Eurofleets have not been able to recruit new crew since 2008.The current chair is Reginald Beatty, a BA Cabin Services Director, who is also chair of a number of other local and international trade union related committees.

 Plastique Nouveau is a collection of Bis remixes, b-sides and bonus tracks previously exclusive to the UK version of Return To Central. It pulls a few tracks from the fukd i.d. EP as well as the "Protection" single. Barskoon waterfall is a geological protected area located in Jeti-Ögüz District of Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan in 90 km to the south-west of Karakol on one of the tributaries of Barskaun River.  There are several waterfalls at the site, which is accessible by taxi, 20 km south of the village of Barskon.  The height of the main cascade is 24 metres (79 ft).   National Monument status was established in 1975. 

 Ecnomiomorpha rondoniae is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Rondônia, Brazil. Operation Banquet was a British naval operation in World War II, under the command of Rear Admiral Clement Moody. The objective was to carry out aerial strikes on Japanese positions in and around Padang, on the southwestern coast of Sumatra, Indonesia, on 24 August 1944. The forces involved successfully struck the primary targets of the attack, these being the Padang airfield, the Indaroeng cement works, and the harbor facilities and shipping at Emmahaven. Basil Nehill (10 June 1891 – 5 March 1942) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the St Kilda Football Club and Essendon Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Mayanja is a Ugandan name and may refer to:

Mayanja River, a river of Uganda
Brian Mayanja (born 1983), Ugandan boxer
Kibirige Mayanja, Ugandan politician, founder and first president of the Justice Forum party in Uganda; his first attempt at politics was in 1994 Government Medical College, Siddipet also Siddipet Medical College is a medical college located in Siddipet, Telangana. It received the permission from Medical Council of India in January 2018. The college is affiliated to Kaloji Narayana Rao University of Health Sciences. Gissey-sous-Flavigny  is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France. Tokini Peterside is a Nigerian entrepreneur and business woman. She created ART X Lagos, the first international art fair in West Africa. Johan Darbes   (1750 – June 15, 1815) was a Danish composer and violinist in the Chapels Royal from 1770 - 1786 . "Last One Standing" is the debut single by British girl group Girl Thing. It was released on 19 June 2000 as the lead single from their self-titled debut studio album.
It was written by Girl Thing, George Merrill, Eliot Kennedy, Mike Percy and Tim Lever, and produced by Kennedy, Percy and Lever. It was their only UK top 10 hit, peaking at number eight on the UK Singles Chart. The track was a greater success in Australia, spending 14 weeks in the top 100 and going Gold. Meyersdale is a borough in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, on the Casselman River, 73 miles (117 km) southeast of Pittsburgh.  It is part of the Johnstown, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area.
In the past, Meyersdale's chief industry was the mining of coal.
Meyersdale is located along the Great Allegheny Passage, a multi-use recreational trail.  The Big Savage Tunnel, located southeast of Meyersdale, is the longest tunnel on the trail.
The Pennsylvania Maple Festival has taken place each March in Meyersdale since 1948. Primitive Quendian (Quenya: Quenderin) is a fictional language devised by J. R. R. Tolkien. It is one of the many fictional languages set in his fictional universe, often called Middle-earth.  It was the proto-language of the Elves, which they invented after the Awakening at Cuiviénen.

The most ancient structure of the tongue common to all the Qendelie [Elvish race] is ... not known to the Elves, through some things may be guessed or discovered by those who will compare one with another the written forms of Eldarin languages of Valinor, together with such records of the Avari as we here in Eressëa have set down in these later days. Teresa "Terri" Dwyer (born 31 July 1973) is a British television presenter and actress, best known for her role as Ruth Osborne in the British soap opera Hollyoaks. She has also presented the ITV home makeover show 60 Minute Makeover. Captain Jack may refer to: Philip Green (19 July 1911 – 6 October 1982), sometimes credited as Harry Philip Green, was a film and television composer and conductor. James John Hannan (January 7, 1940 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is an American retired professional baseball player who pitched in Major League Baseball from 1962–71 for the Washington Senators, Detroit Tigers and Milwaukee Brewers. The right-hander stood 6 feet 3 inches (1.91 m) tall and weighed 205 pounds (93 kg).
Hannan began his baseball career at St. Peter's Preparatory School, which inducted him in 2005 into the first class of its athletic hall of fame. He attended the University of Notre Dame and signed with the Boston Red Sox in time for the 1961 minor league season.  After posting a 17–7 win-loss record and leading the Class D New York–Penn League in strikeouts, he was selected by Washington in the first-year player draft. His MLB service, which lasted all or part of ten years, began the following season. In his best campaign, 1968 for Washington, Hannan posted a 10–6 (3.01) record in 25 games pitched for a last-place team that lost 96 games.
After the 1970 campaign, he was included in a multi-player trade with the Detroit Tigers in which he, fellow right-hander Joe Coleman, shortstop Ed Brinkman and third baseman Aurelio Rodríguez were sent to Detroit for former 30-game-winner Denny McLain and three other players. Coleman, Brinkman and Rodríguez were three of the Senators' top players; they became mainstays in Detroit and helped lead the Tigers to the 1971 American League East Division championship. McLain was acquired as an attendance-booster for the struggling Senators. He had gone a combined 55–13 for the Tigers in 1968–69 but spent the beginning of 1970 under suspension for gambling allegations. Upon returning, he could not approach his old form, and with the 1971 Senators, he lost 22 games and the team went 63–96 and abandoned Washington for Dallas–Fort Worth.
For his part, Hannan only got into seven games for the 1971 Tigers and was effective in middle relief, before being traded to the Brewers, where he finished his career with 21 appearances, 20 in relief, for Milwaukee.
During his MLB career, Hannan appeared in 276 games, with 101 starting assignments. He compiled a 41–48 record, with a career earned run average of 3.88, allowing 807 hits and 408 bases on balls in 822 innings pitched. He struck out 438, and posted nine complete games, four shutouts and seven saves. The Press Division  was a staff division  of the Admiralty Naval Staff established during World War Two (1940-1942) before being abolished.  The staff division was administered by the Director of Press Division Ampanihy is a town in Atsimo-Andrefana Region, Madagascar. It is home of the Ampanihy Airport (AMP)  and is crossed by the Route nationale 10. Works Progress Administration, formerly known by the working name The Scrolls, is an American supergroup led by Sean Watkins, Glen Phillips, and Luke Bulla.   They recorded their debut album with Benmont Tench (piano), Sara Watkins (fiddle), Greg Leisz (various instruments), Pete Thomas (drums), and Davey Faragher (bass). These members gained recognition in other musical projects such as Nickel Creek, Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers, Elvis Costello and the Imposters, Fiction Family, and Toad the Wet Sprocket.The project started in September 2007, when W.P.A began to record songs for an upcoming album release. In Sara Watkins' December 2007 MySpace blog, she said "we're hoping to nearly (finish) the record in the next few days. We're tracking live and trying to get as much down at one time as possible. It is a very satisfying way to record".Their self-titled release debuted on August 28, 2009.  Some of the tracks from the self-titled debut include the Phillips-penned tracks "Rise Up", "You Will Always Have My Love", and "End This Now", as well as a Luke Bulla/Glen Phillips collaboration entitled "Cry For You".  "Not Sure", one of three Sean Watkins track that is featured, was originally released on the Fiction Family album. The Works Progress Administration version features Luke Bulla giving a rich voice to the melody as well as the fuller orchestration. In theoretical physics, S-duality (short for strong–weak duality) is an equivalence of two physical theories, which may be either quantum field theories or string theories. S-duality is useful for doing calculations in theoretical physics because it relates a theory in which calculations are difficult to a theory in which they are easier.In quantum field theory, S-duality generalizes a well established fact from classical electrodynamics, namely the invariance of Maxwell's equations under the interchange of electric and magnetic fields. One of the earliest known examples of S-duality in quantum field theory is Montonen–Olive duality which relates two versions of a quantum field theory called N = 4 supersymmetric Yang–Mills theory. Recent work of Anton Kapustin and Edward Witten suggests that Montonen–Olive duality is closely related to a research program in mathematics called the geometric Langlands program. Another realization of S-duality in quantum field theory is Seiberg duality, which relates two versions of a theory called N=1 supersymmetric Yang–Mills theory.
There are also many examples of S-duality in string theory. The existence of these string dualities implies that seemingly different formulations of string theory are actually physically equivalent. This led to the realization, in the mid-1990s, that all of the five consistent superstring theories are just different limiting cases of a single eleven-dimensional theory called M-theory.

 Chaidamuite is a rare zinc – iron sulfate mineral with chemical formula: ZnFe3+(SO4)2(OH)·4H2O.
It was first described for an occurrence in the Xitieshan mine south of Mt. Qilianshan in the Chaidamu basin, Qinghai Province, China and was named for the locality.  It occurs as an oxidation phase in a lead zinc deposit. In the type locality it is associated with the rare minerals: coquimbite, copiapite, butlerite and zincobotryogen. In addition to the Chinese occurrence it has been reported from the Getchell Mine in the Potosi District in Humboldt County, Nevada. Tillandsia rubrispica is a species in the genus Tillandsia. This species is endemic to Mexico. Norman "Norm" Spencer is a Canadian actor and voice actor, who is best known for his portrayal of the Marvel Comics character Cyclops in X-Men: The Animated Series and the Marvel vs. Capcom video games. Abdoul-Gafar Mamah (born 24 August 1985) is a Togolese footballer who plays for FK Ventspils as a full back. Bela keepingi is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae. Genevieve Lemon (born 21 April 1958) is an Australian singer and actress who has appeared in a number of soap operas. Her best known roles are as Zelda Baker in The Young Doctors, Marlene "Rabbit" Warren in Prisoner and Brenda Riley in Neighbours. She showed her comedic and singing talents in the televised revue show Three Men and a Baby Grand. In 2018, she began playing Hazel Easton in the Channel 7 soap opera Home and Away. The 1953–54 season was the 8th season in FK Partizan's existence. This article shows player statistics and matches that the club played during the 1953–54 season. Karen Tracey Blackett  (born 7 August 1971) works in the advertising industry and is the Chair of MediaCom UK. She became the Chancellor of the University of Portsmouth in October 2017. Xenia Zaragevna Onatopp is a character in the James Bond film GoldenEye, played by actress Famke Janssen.  She was a fighter pilot and an assassin with a trademark thigh-grip, working for the renegade agent Alec Trevelyan (Sean Bean).

 The Ethiopian Institute of Agricultural Research (EIAR) has evolved through several stages since its initiation during the late 1940s, following the establishment of agricultural and technical school of Ambo and Jimma.  Until the mid-1960s the Imperial College of Agricultural and Mechanical Arts—now Haramaya University—with its Agricultural Experiment Station at Debre Zeyit—now Debre Zeit Research Center—was the major research entity. The establishment of the then Institute of Agricultural Research (IAR) in 1966 saw the first nationally coordinated agricultural research system in Ethiopia.
The EIAR is a Federal Agricultural Research Institutes. EIAR is responsible for the running of federal research centers, and Regional research Institutes are administered by the Regional governments. In addition to conducting research at its federal centers, EIAR is charged with the responsibility for providing the overall coordination of agricultural research countrywide, and advising Government on agricultural research policy formulation.
Currently, the EIAR comprise 17 research centers and sites located across various agro-ecological zones. The research centers have a mandate to coordinate different national commodities. Some of the research centers and sites have one or more sub-centers and testing sites, for example, the Essential Oils Research Center (EORC). David Lyon (born 1968) is a car designer best known for his work with General Motors where he worked directly from college in 1990 until 2012. He is originally from Naperville, Illinois, United States and has been moved around several General Motors design studios during his career. Her Triumph is a 1915 American silent drama film starring French dancer and actress Gaby Deslys, distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was financed by the American film company Famous Players and shot in Paris. Her Triumph is now considered lost. Ivory Carved Dashavtar is a miniature Hindu shrine displaying the incarnations of Lord Vishnu intricately carved in ivory. Magnificently carved, this small ivory shrine depicts the 10 incarnations of Lord Vishnu, and is on display in the National Museum. This carved ivory shrine was made in the late 18th century.
Dashavatara of Lord Vishnu is one of the most popular concepts of Hinduism, which has been widely worshiped by the Hindus in one or the other form. Sushoma Sarkar is a Bangladeshi television and film actress who appeared in films like Sujon Sokhi (1975), Gunda (1978), Alangkar (1979) etc. Passion For Your Name is an album by worship artist Matt Redman. This was his second album, following his debut Wake Up My Soul.
The album was recorded at West Park Studios in Littlehampton, England with audio engineer Martin Smith. 
The song "Better Is One Day" may concern a mystical experience—the Most Holy Trinity Inhabitation, mystical experience of many saints which perceive the physical, real and alive Presence of God in their heart. "For here my heart is satisfied within your presence"—the author wishes himself to die in order to see and experience God again in Paradise, his house and court, or "come once again to me", because "I've tasted and I've seen". Patrick J. Bergin was the Chief Executive Officer of the African Wildlife Foundation from 2002 to 2017.A community development specialist with expertise in forging linkages between conservation and human well-being, Patrick joined the Peace Corps in 1988, where he was posted to Tanzania.
He joined the African Wildlife Foundation (AWF) in 1990 and spent six years working with the Tanzania National Parks agency to establish a national program of park outreach to surrounding communities. In 1999, he was appointed Vice President of African Operations for AWF. In his capacity as Vice President, Patrick supervised AWF's two major initiatives - African Heartlands and Conservation Service Centers. 
Patrick graduated from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign with an MSc in International Agricultural Education in 1988, and from the University of East Anglia with a PhD in Development Studies in 1996. Guy Whimper (born May 21, 1983) is a former American football offensive tackle. He was drafted in the fourth round (129th overall) of the 2006 NFL Draft by the New York Giants. Whimper played college football at East Carolina University.
Whimper has also been a member of the Jacksonville Jaguars and Pittsburgh Steelers. Michael Osborne (born 13 November 1947 in London, England) is a British stage, film and television actor.Roles include the future King George V in Edward the Seventh and Mr. Howard in Grange Hill. Caroline Jane Voaden is a British politician and senior international journalist, who is currently leader of the Liberal Democrats in the European Parliament, following her election as Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the South West England and Gibraltar in 2019.Voaden has covered six European countries in her capacity as a journalist.  Whilst covering the latter years of the Yugoslav Wars in Zagreb, Voaden made history as the youngest female bureau chief at Reuters. This list contains games released for the Windows 3.x platform, mostly created between 1989 and 1994. Many are also compatible with the later 32-bit Windows operating systems.

This list contains 742 game titles. 1209 Pumma, provisional designation 1927 HA, is a Hygiean asteroid from the outer region of the asteroid belt, approximately 30 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 22 April 1927, by German astronomer Karl Reinmuth at Heidelberg Observatory in southwest Germany. The asteroid was named after the nice of astronomer Albrecht Kahrstedt. Character and description of Kingia, a new genus of plants found on the south-west coast of New Holland, with observations on the structure of its unimpregnated ovulum, and on the female flower of Cycadeae and Coniferae is an 1826 paper by botanist Robert Brown. Though nominally a formal description of the then-unpublished genus Kingia, it is more notable for its digressions into ovule anatomy and development, in which Brown sets out for the first time the modern understanding of the structure of angiosperm ovules, and publishes the first description of the fundamental difference between angiosperms and gymnosperms. Of the latter it has been said that "no more important discovery was ever made in the domain of comparative morphology and systematic Botany". The year 2015 was the 2nd year in the history of the Kunlun Fight, a kickboxing promotion based in China. 2015 started with Kunlun Fight 15 and ended with Kunlun Fight 35. Bebearia laetitioides is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and western Uganda. The habitat consists of forests. CineVox Filmproduktion GmbH is a film and television production company based in Germany. It was founded in 1983 and went all the way until its closedown in 1999. Prior to its liquidation all rights were transferred to other companies within the CineVox Entertainment Group that has companies in Los Angeles, Munich and London.

 Anthony Henley may refer to:

Anthony Henley (1667–1711), English Member of Parliament
Anthony Henley (died 1748), English Member of Parliament
Anthony Henley (cricketer) (1846–1916), English cricketer
Anthony Henley, 3rd Baron Henley (1825–1898), British peer and Liberal Member of Parliament Penostatin A is a cytotoxic metabolite produced by Penicillium. Giuseppe Bianchi may refer to:

Giuseppe Bianchi (abbot), 17th-century abbot
Giuseppe Bianchi (architect), 18th-century Italian architect
Giuseppe Bianchi (astronomer) (1791–1866), Italian astronomer
Giuseppe Bianchi (engineer) (1888–1969), Italian railway engineer
Giuseppe Bianchi (musician), Italian musician Cedric Asuega Gates is a Democratic member of the Hawaii House of Representatives, representing District 44. He was first elected to the chamber in 2016.
Gates' election was controversial as his 2014 candidacy as a Green Party candidate should have barred his 2016 nomination as a Democrat under the Democratic Party of Hawaii's rules. Guánico is a corregimiento in Tonosí District, Los Santos Province, Panama with a population of 996 as of 2010. Its population as of 1990 was 1,477; its population as of 2000 was 1,006. Christmas: Live From Phoenix (sometimes stylized as Christmas - Live From Phoenix, Christmas | Live From Phoenix, or A for KING & COUNTRY Christmas | LIVE From Phoenix) is the first live album and third album overall by For King & Country, an Australian-American Christian pop duo consisting of brothers Luke and Joel Smallbone, released via Word Entertainment on 27 October 2017. The album features the band playing cover versions of popular Christmas tunes and original material. It features an appearance from Rebecca St. James, who joined the band for live rendition of "The Proof of Your Love". For King & Country collaborated with Blake Kanicka, Seth Mosley and Tedd Tjornhom in the arrangement of the album. Community Housing Partnership is a nonprofit organization in San Francisco, California, that provides housing, job training and other services to formerly homeless people. Founded in 1990, it owns and operates 14 residential buildings and collaborates with other organizations in its goals. Marion Isabel Newbigin (1869 – 20 July 1934) was a Scottish geographer, biologist and academic author. She was noted for her book Animal Geography, a key work in the field of animal geography/zoogeography, and as editor of the Scottish Geographical Magazine. The following is a chronological summary of the major events that occurred during the Egyptian Revolution of 2011, after Hosni Mubarak's resignation as the fourth President of Egypt, on 11 February 2011. This article documents the second wave of the revolution. The second wave began on 12 February 2011 when the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces assumed control of the country and it ended on 30 June 2012, when Mohamed Morsi was sworn in as the fifth President of Egypt.
The inauguration of Morsi led to the third wave of the revolution. John Francis Ashley Erskine, Lord Erskine GCSI, GCIE (12 April 1895 – 3 May 1953) was a British soldier, Conservative Party politician and administrator who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Weston-super-Mare and Brighton. Erskine also served as the Governor of Madras Presidency from 1934 to 1940.
Erskine was born to Walter Erskine, 12th Earl of Mar on 12 April 1895 and had his education at Eton and  Oxford University. On graduation, Erskine served in the British army and rose to become a major before entering politics. Erskine was elected to the House of Commons as a candidate of the Conservative Party from Weston-super-Mare and served as MP from 1922 to 1923 and from 1924 to 1934. He also served as Assistant Government Whip from 1930 to 1934. In 1934, Erskine was appointed Governor of Madras Presidency, British India.
Erskine served as the Governor of Madras Presidency from 1934 to 1940. He was a close friend of Indian politician Chakravarthi Rajagopalachari though he disagreed with some of his policies. On the conclusion of his term, Erskine returned to the United Kingdom and served as the Member of Parliament for Brighton from 1940 to 1941. Erskine retired from politics in his later life. He died on 3 May 1953 at the age of 58. Pseudonocardia tropica is a bacterium from the genus of Pseudonocardia which has been isolated from the stem of the tree Maytenus austroyunnanensis in Xishuangbanna in China. Icelandic referendum can refer to:

Icelandic prohibition referendum, 1908
Icelandic community service referendum, 1916
Icelandic sovereignty referendum, 1918
Icelandic prohibition referendum, 1933
Icelandic constitutional referendum, 1944
Icelandic loan guarantees referendum, 2010
Icelandic loan guarantees referendum, 2011
Icelandic constitutional referendum, 2012 The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Judaism: Robert Ray Heider (April 13, 1928 – January 15, 2015) was an American lawyer and politician.
Born in Moline, Illinois, Heider graduated from Bay View High School in the Bay View neighborhood of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He went to what is now Michigan Technological University and University of Minnesota. He then received his bachelor's degree from University of Wisconsin and his law degree from University of Wisconsin Law School. Heider then practiced law and lived in Elm Grove, Wisconsin. During World War II, he served in the United States Army, and was a Japanese linguist at the General Headquarters in Tokyo after the war. He was a special agent with the Counterintelligence Corps during the Korean War. Heider served in the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1957 and was a Republican. Heider died in West Allis, Wisconsin on January 12, 2015. Leon Bates may refer to:

Leon Bates (pianist) (born 1949), American concert pianist
Leon Bates (American labor leader) (1899–1972), African American union organizer Azmy Mehelba (born 26 March 1991) is an Egyptian sport olympic shooter, who began shooting at age 11. Then he joined the Egyptian national skeet shooting team and participated in his first international competition at age 15. He was ranked world number 2 by the International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF). He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, where he finished in 10th place, just one target from the finals.

 Pindi Pindi Brickworks is a heritage-listed former brickworks off the Bruce Highway, Pindi Pindi, Mackay Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built in 1933. It is also known as Evans Firebricks Ltd and Pindi Pindi Firebricks Company. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 27 October 2000. Beauty Queen Sister is the 13th studio album by Indigo Girls, released on October 4, 2011 on Vanguard Records. The Collins Archeological District is a pre-Columbian archaeological site located in Kennekuk County Park in Vermilion County, Illinois. The site dates from the Late Woodland period and was used roughly from 900 to 1100 A.D. The core of the site includes two mounds and a ceremonial area. The inhabitants of the region used the site for ceremonial purposes, and the ceremonies conducted at the site were influenced by Mississippian traditions. The site provides evidence of the spread of Mississippian culture from Cahokia to other peoples and regions.The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 3, 1979. The Panther motorcycle is  very popular in Asia and still being made as a scooter. The vehicle is now sold in Sears and Target stores. Vogel Motorsport is a Brazilian auto racing team based in Petropolis, Rio de Janeiro. The Olympus Tough TG-4 is a weatherised digital compact camera announced by Olympus Corporation on April 13, 2015. It differs from its predecessor, the Olympus Tough TG-3, by including raw image recording.
Other than its new RAW capability, the TG-4 is technically very similar to the Olympus TG-3. The physical dimensions (length x width x depth) of the TG-3 and the TG-4 are identical. 
In 2015, for the USA market, the MSRP for the older TG-3 is listed at $ 349.00 vs. $ 379.00 for the newer TG-4. The camera was superseded by the Olympus Tough TG-5 in May 2017. HMS Valorous was a 20-gun Hermes-class post ship sixth-rate post ship built for the Royal Navy during the 1810s. She was placed in commission in 1821 for service abroad in the Caribbean and Newfoundland. Two of her captains were forced to resign their commands during this time and the ship was placed in reserve in 1826 until she was broken up in 1829. Fatjon is an Albanian masculine given name and may refer to:

Fatjon Andoni (born 1991), Greek-Albanian footballer
Fatjon Bytyçi (born 1994), Albanian footballer
Fatjon Celani (born 1992), Albanian-German footballer
Fatjon Muhameti (born 1982), Albanian footballer
Fatjon Sefa (born 1984), Albanian footballer
Fatjon Topi (born 1982), Albanian footballer Sainte-Anne-des-Lacs is a municipality in the  regional county municipality of Les Pays-d'en-Haut in Quebec, Canada, located in the administrative region of Laurentides. The municipality was founded in 1946 and was assigned the municipal number 77035 by the Quebec government. The Roman Catholic parish of Sainte-Anne-des-Lacs was founded in 1940. Danny Adam Richar (born June 9, 1983) is a Dominican professional baseball player who is currently a free agent. In a three-season Major League Baseball career as a second baseman for the Chicago White Sox and Cincinnati Reds, Richar had a .229 batting average, six home runs, and 18 runs batted in. The Raymond Massey is a cocktail made of rye, ginger syrup, and champagne. The drink’s namesake is Canadian actor Raymond Massey (1896–1983), and the beverage is predominantly consumed in his hometown of Toronto, Ontario.
Ginger syrup can be prepared in advance much as simple syrup, but with the inclusion of ¾ cup of peeled and sliced ginger. Interview with History (Intervista con la storia in Italian) is a book consisting of interviews by the Italian journalist and author Oriana Fallaci (1929–2006), one of the most controversial interviewers of her time. She interviewed many world leaders of the time. 
Interviews with sixteen leaders appeared in this book and in the following order of presentation:
Henry Kissinger
Ngyen Van Thieu
General Giap
Golda Meir
Yasser Arafat
Hussein of Jordan
Indira Gandhi
Ali Bhutto
Willy Brandt
Pietro Nenni
Mohammed Riza Pahlavi
Helder Camara
Archbishop Makarios
Sheikh Mujibur Rahman
Alexandros Panagoulis Armyan Bernstein is an American film producer, director and screenwriter.  He is the co-founder and chairman of film company Beacon Pictures. The 2012 British Flat Jockeys Championship was the competition to find the winningmost jockey in Great Britain during the traditional flat racing season from the Lincoln Handicap meeting at Doncaster Racecourse in March until the November Handicap meeting at the same racecourse in November. It was won by Richard Hughes for the first time in his career. Harry Cicma (born February 18, 1982) is an American former tennis player and currently a fill-in sports anchor for WNBC, the NBC-owned station in New York City, and NBC Sports Group. Christopher James "Chris" Manawa is a fictional character in the first two seasons of the television series Fear the Walking Dead. Portrayed by Lorenzo James Henrie, he is the teenage son of Travis Manawa and Liza Ortiz. Christopher was shown to be a normal teenager before the apocalypse occurred, though he did appear to be extremely angered at his father for leaving and seemed to hold this against him for the rest of his life. Chris slowly adapted to the apocalypse in the beginning and retained his kind side, though after the death of his mother, he is shown to be even more angered and traumatized. This is a list of the Japanese species of the superfamilies Zygaenoidea, Sesioidea, Cossoidea and Tortricoidea. It also acts as an index to the species articles and forms part of the full List of moths of Japan. Granby is a small village in the Rushcliffe district of Nottinghamshire, England. It lies in the Vale of Belvoir. Burgan Bank, established 1977, is Kuwait's second largest conventional bank by assets. It is a subsidiary of Kuwait Projects Company Holding and operates a network of 24 branches and over 100 ATMs. Burgan is one of the youngest banks in Kuwait. Burgan Bank recorded a profit of 74.8 million Kuwaiti Dinars for the year 2007, up 34% from 55.7 million in 2006.Ahmad Al Abdullah Al Sabah is one of the former chairmen of the bank.

 A Muniment or Muniment of Title is a legal term for a document, title deed or other evidence, that indicates ownership of an asset.  The word is derived from the Latin noun munimentum, meaning a "fortification, bulwark, defence or protection". Thus "muniments of title" means the written evidence which a land owner can use to defend title to his estate.An example of Muniment of Title is the use of a death certificate of a joint tenant to prove that title resides with the surviving joint tenant.
In the USA the definition of "muniment" may differ in statutes state by state. For example, states often have their own version of a Marketable Record Title Act (MRTA) which will extinguish various interests, restrictions, or claims to a property within a certain time period unless renewed during that time period by muniments. 

"A muniment of title is any documentary evidence upon which title is based. Muniments of title are deeds, wills, and court judgments through which a particular land title passes and upon which its validity depends. Muniments of title need not be recorded to be valid notwithstanding that the recording statutes give good faith purchasers certain rights over the rights of persons claiming under unrecorded muniments of title. Muniments of title do more than merely "affect" title; they must carry title and be a vital link in the chain of title."In the medieval period substantial landowners made use of dedicated chambers known as "muniments rooms" for the secure storage of muniments of title. Before the advent of capitalism and the stock-market investment, the ownership of land and operational manors was the principal asset used by the English gentry for the long-term storage of wealth. It was essential to prove "devolution of title" to an estate, which necessitated the retention of every historical deed which had been used at some time over decades if not centuries to transfer legal ownership of that estate. For example, if it had been determined historically in a court of law that "person X" had good title to an estate at some past date, the present owner, in order to have equally good title, needed to prove that he had obtained, in a valid manner, the asset directly or indirectly from person X. For example, if a royal charter survived granting a manor to person X, that would constitute an ideal starting point from which to prove devolution of title.  Thus several charters, indentures, entails, marriage settlements and last will and testaments of varying dates and contained within several sheets of parchment might form the complete devolution of title for just one estate. Many gentry families in England held particular estates for many centuries (the Berkeley family has held Berkeley Castle since the 12th century and holds it still in 2015), generating a large volume of documents of title as the estate passed down the generations of the family. Such often large and highly verbose documents were generally folded up to form small packets and were then sealed with wax, with an epitome or summary of the document written in ink on the finished packet.
In 21st century England, the establishment of the Government department of the Land Registry and the compulsory requirement for persons and companies to register all land transactions, renders the use of title deeds superfluous and   devolution of title is not required to prove title as proof of title is now determined prima facie merely by an entry in the land register, a certificate certifying which entry can be provided by the registrar if required. In previous times title deeds were the main evidence of ownership (apart from physical possession of land, said by the old adage to form "nine tenths of the law"), and where a person owned dozens of estates, many of which he rarely or never visited, and ownership of which was frequently the subject of legal challenges, for example by distant relatives of testators, it was essential to safeguard title deeds. Security needed to provide not only against theft, but also against destruction of the parchment (i.e. animal skin) and ink by fire, excessive heat, sunlight, water, mould, insects and rodents. Thus in certain monasteries the muniments room was often situated above the warming house. Special chests were used, designed specifically to aid preservation. Rapid portability of muniments was also a consideration, in case of fire or armed attack of the building.
The intact muniments room of an ancient mansion house or castle  was frequently found by modern historians and genealogists to provide a rich source of materials for research purposes. Forelius maranhaoensis is a species of ant in the genus Forelius. Described by Cuezzo in 2000, the species is endemic to Brazil. Abraham and Eugenia: Stories From Jewish Cuba is a 1994 documentary directed by American Bonnie Burt. Buckland is a historic plantation house located near Buckland, Gates County, North Carolina.  It was built about 1795, and is a two-story, five-bay, transitional Georgian / Federal style frame dwelling with a double-pile center-hall plan.  It has paired, double shouldered brick exterior end chimneys. The front facade features a handsome double-tier pedimented portico protecting the central three bays.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

 Aruba competed in the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 7 to 18 September 2016. The country's participation in Rio marked its debut appearance in the quadrennial event, although it had competed in the Summer Olympics eight times since the 1988 Games.  The delegation consisted of a single short-distance swimmer, Jesus De Marchena Acevedo, who qualified for the Games by using a wildcard. He was chosen as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony and was disqualified from the first discipline he took part in, men's 50 metres freestyle (S7), for arriving late but later placed last overall in the 100 metres freestyle (S7). Ardwick is a district of Manchester in North West England, one mile south east of the city centre. The population of the Ardwick Ward at the 2011 census was 19,250.Historically in Lancashire, by the mid-nineteenth century Ardwick had grown from being a village into a pleasant and wealthy suburb of Manchester, but by the end of that century it had become heavily industrialised.  When its industries later fell into decline then so did Ardwick itself, becoming one of the city's most deprived areas. Substantial development has taken place more recently in Ardwick and other areas of Manchester to reverse the decline, notably the construction of many facilities for the 2002 Commonwealth Games held nearby in Eastlands.
In the late nineteenth century Ardwick had many places of entertainment, but the only remnant of that history today is the Art Deco-style Manchester Apollo, a venue for pop and rock music concerts.

 Adenosine A2A receptor antagonists are a class of drugs that blocks adenosine at the adenosine A2A receptor. Notable adenosine A2A receptor antagonists include caffeine, theophylline and istradefylline. Kagle may refer to:

Bob Kagle
Eddie Kagle, character in Angel on My Shoulder (film) The women's 10,000 metres event at the 2006 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Stade Germain Comarmond on August 12. Love Life 2 is the ninth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Hitomi, released on June 24, 2009, by Hitomi's sub-label of Avex Trax, Love Life Records. It was originally to be released June 10, 2009, but was pushed back for promotional reasons. The first pressing of the album came with an external bonus, a poster. An accompanying photobook of the same name, that shows the singer completely nude, was released on the same day. The 2010 Central Oklahoma Bronchos football team represented the University of Central Oklahoma in the 2010 NCAA Division II football season, the 105th season of Broncho football. The team was led by fourth year head coach Tracy Holland. They played their home games at Wantland Stadium in Edmond, Oklahoma. The Bronchos were playing this season in their final year of membership in the Lone Star Conference, because they were changing conference affiliation to the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association.The season began play began with loss to Pittsburg State at home on August 28, and ended with loss on the road to Angelo State on November 13. The Bronchos finished the season 2-9, with a conference record of 2-8 in conference play and 1-5 in the Lone Star North Division. The Lone Star Conference had a separate format for choosing conference champions and division champions. Jacob Dockstader Buell (October 4, 1827 – January 1, 1894) was a lawyer and political figure in Ontario, Canada. He represented Brockville in the House of Commons of Canada from 1872 to 1878 as a Liberal member.He was born in Brockville, Upper Canada, the son of William Buell, and was educated there. He was called to the bar in 1854 and practised law in Brockville. His first wife was Susan Chaffey; after her death in 1857, he married Margaret Sophia Senkler in 1861. Buell was a lieutenant-colonel in the local militia. He served as mayor for Brockville for seven years. In 1871, Buell ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial legislature. He was defeated by William Fitzsimmons in a bid for reelection to the federal seat in 1878. A serious outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease occurred in South Korea in 2010–2011, leading to the culling of hundreds of thousands of pigs (as of January 2011) in an effort to contain it. The outbreak began in November 2010 in pig farms in Andong, Gyeongsangbuk-do, and has since spread in the country rapidly. More than 100 cases of foot-and-mouth disease have been confirmed in the country so far, and South Korean officials have started a mass cull of approximately 12 percent of the entire domestic pig population and 107,000 of three million cattle of the country to halt the outbreak.As parts of the culling process, it was reported by some sections of the English-language media that the South Korean government had decided to bury approximately 1.4 million pigs alive, which drew complaints from animal activists. The American animal rights organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals started online campaigns, arguing that the animals should be vaccinated rather than buried alive.Joyce D'Silva, Director of Public Affairs for Compassion in World Farming, said that they are "appalled", and argued that it is contrary to international guidelines on humane culling, which the South Korean government allegedly endorsed. However the local media had only reported that there had been incidents of swine being buried alive, and that a South Korean agriculture ministry official had confirmed some incidents, but that they had been few, explaining that "officials are rushed to stop the spread, and the number of people involved is too small for the operation," and that until a more humane way to cull the infected swine is found, the government will have to resort to burying the infected animals alive because the "government has temporarily run out of euthanasia drugs."On 12 January 2011, local officials stated that more than US$1 billion worth of livestock have been lost so far to the disease, including government efforts to halt the spread. According to Kim Jae-hong, a veterinary science professor at Seoul National University, the outbreak is "the most serious in Korea's history" and it is difficult to say when the spread of the disease will be stopped, and he said that "the most important thing right now is to control movement in and out of the farmhouses that are affected, and thoroughly disinfect the cars around the area".South Korea's Citizens' Institute for Environmental Studies revealed 32 places that had dead livestocks buried around 4 drinking water facilities in Gyeonggi-do.A ProMED-mail post described the epizootic and subsequent cancellations of festivities as being reminiscent of Britain's February 19, 2001 foot-and-mouth disease outbreak, and even more so of an outbreak in Japan beginning late March 2010, which was caused by the same strain of the virus.  In that epizootic cattle herds were found to be 3.9-4.5 times more susceptible to the virus than pig herds, but pig herds had 5.0-13.6 times greater relative infectiousness; thus cattle on infected premises suffered a cumulative incidence of 8.5%, whereas 36.4% of pigs were infected. Ratlines are climbing aids in rigging of sailing vessels similar to a rope ladder.
Ratline or ratlines may also refer to:

Ratlines (World War II), escape routes for Nazi fugitives
Ratline, an ordeal practiced at the Virginia Military Institute Grand-Alépé is a village in south-eastern Ivory Coast. It is in the sub-prefecture of Alépé, Alépé Department, La Mé Region, Lagunes District.
Grand-Alépé was a commune until March 2012, when it became one of 1126 communes nationwide that were abolished. Huke is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Kirsti Huke (born 1977), Norwegian musician and composer
Michael Huke (born 1969), German sprinter
Sebastian Huke (born 1989), German footballer
Shane Huke (born 1985), English footballer The Colleges of Worcester Consortium (COWC) was a non-profit association of 12 colleges and universities located in central Massachusetts. The Consortium claims that it "works cooperatively both to further the missions of the member institutions individually and to advance higher education regionally." It includes both accredited public and private colleges and universities.In 2013, COWC became the Higher Education Consortium of Central Massachusetts (HECCMA). Pirata alachuus is a species of wolf spider in the family Lycosidae. It is found in the United States. Sean Linkenback is an attorney and author known for writing the Unauthorized Guide to Godzilla Collectibles, the first comprehensive guide on the subject in the English language.  Before that he was an adviser to Warren's Movie Poster Price Guide, the Overstreet Comic Book Price Guide, as well as being an adviser on the first Sotheby's comic book auction, and a frequent writer about comics including the feature "CBM Presents Sleepers" in Comic Book Marketplace. Currently he works as an attorney in Atlanta, Georgia as well as being an infrequent columnist for the magazine Movie Collector's World.
In 2014, Linkenback released The Art of Japanese Monsters, a comprehensive guide to worldwide movie poster artwork from Japanese science fiction and horror (kaiju) films of the past 60 years. It especially focused on the Godzilla and Gamera series of films produced by Toho Films and Daiei Film respectively.
This book is available as both a regular hardbound edition and a limited leatherbound edition of 100 copies that was signed by Godzilla series star Akira Takarada and suit actor Haruo Nakajima. Chegoggin is a community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in the Yarmouth Municipal District in Yarmouth County.
In 2000, Swedish archaeologist Mats Larsson of Lund University put forward a claim that Chegoggin is his prime candidate for the location of Leif Erikson's Vinland. Having explored up and down the coasts of Atlantic Canada, Larsson believes that Chegoggin best fits the description of Vinland as given in the Norse sagas. Devas may refer to:

Devas Club, a club in south London
Anthony Devas (1911–1958), British portrait painter
Charles Stanton Devas (1848–1906), political economist
Jocelyn Devas (died 1886), founder of the Devas Club
Devas (band), Romanian music band
Dewas, a city in Madhya Pradesh, India Ginger Molloy (born 25 December 1937) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from New Zealand. He competed from 1965 to 1970 in the Grand Prix world championship. He won his only world championship race in the 250cc class at the 1966 250cc Ulster Grand Prix, riding a Bultaco. His best season was in 1970 when he rode a Kawasaki H1R to a second place finish behind Giacomo Agostini in the 500cc world championship.Growing up in Huntly, Molloy played rugby league for Huntly United alongside fellow future motorcycle champion Hugh Anderson. Molloy represented New Zealand schoolboys in rugby league before travelling to Europe in 1963. Siderotype is  an iron-based photographic print. The term was coined by Sir John Frederick William Herschel. A short list of processes defined as siderotypes is as follows: amphitype, argentotype, argyrotype, aurotype, breath print, Brown Line, chromatic photo, chrysotype, cyanotype, ferrogallic process, kallitype, kelaenotype, Nakahara's process, palladiotype, pellet print, Phipson's process, platinotype, printout platinum, satista print, sepia platinotype, sepiatype and vandyke. Ahmad Mustafa Karami (born 29 August 1944) is a Sunni Lebanese politician and minister of state in the cabinet of Najib Mikati. The Manipur Public Service Commission is the Constitutional body constituted for recommending candidates for recruitment to various posts of the Government of Manipur (Gazetted posts). It also gives concurrence on the recommendation of Departmental Promotion Committee for appointment to various posts. The Commission also gives concurrence on the framing/ amendment of Recruitment Rules. It also tender advice to the Government Departments on service matters including disciplinary cases. Joel Barbosa (born 15 January 1983) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a defender. Museum of African Art may refer to: Rap-Up is a magazine launched in 2001 by founder Devin Lazerine. The publication was originally a website devoted to hip hop, until Lazerine decided to pitch the possibility of a magazine to several publishers. The magazine is focused on the hip hop and R&B aspect of the music industry, and predominantly features interviews with artists, actors and other entertainers. Issued quarterly, the magazine's target audience was the 14 to 28 demographic, although the demographic has become older over time.
The magazine's first two issues were one time deals, although Lazerine and his brother Cameron received attention for their age and white background. The magazine restarted publication in 2005, when it managed to sell enough copies to ensure future releases. The magazine is sold in more than 20 countries, and a separate handbook has been released, chronicling the history of hip hop. The magazine has been nominated for two awards, and is often referenced by other magazines. Carolyn De Fonseca (25 May 1929 - May 2009) was an American actress and voice dubbing artist based in Rome. She worked extensively as a voice actress for the English-language dubbing of several hundred foreign (mostly Italian) films from the early 1960s and onwards. She was also the wife of actor/voice dubber Ted Rusoff, with whom she frequently worked. She died in 2009. Fail Safe is a 2000 televised broadcast play, based on Fail-Safe, the Cold War novel  by Eugene Burdick and Harvey Wheeler. The play, broadcast live in black and white on CBS, starred George Clooney, Richard Dreyfuss, Harvey Keitel, and Noah Wyle, and was one of the few live dramas on American television since its so-called Golden Age in the 1950s and 1960s. The broadcast was introduced by Walter Cronkite (his introduction, also broadcast in black and white, is included in the DVD releases of the film): it was  directed by veteran British filmmaker Stephen Frears.
The novel was first adapted into a 1964 film of the same name directed by Sidney Lumet; the TV version is shorter than the 1964 film due to commercial airtime and omits a number of subplots. Hugh Gardner Manning (19 August 1920 – 18 August 2004) was an English film, radio and television actor. He is best remembered  as the Reverend Donald Hinton, in the soap opera Emmerdale Farm, a role he played from 1977 until 1989. He also starred in the tv series Mrs Thursday, alongside Kathleen Harrison in 1966, playing a suave and imperturbable business adviser, which also carried over into popular tv commercials where his character endorsed the qualities of Robinsons barley water. He regularly played Inspector Vosper in the BBC radio detective series, Paul Temple. Hortensia Blanch Pita (1 December 1914 – 21 August 2004) was a writer who was born in Cuba and lived in Spain and Mexico. She wrote a noted book about the end of the Spanish Civil War that was published in Mexico. She wrote under the name Silvia Mistral . She had a lifelong interest in film and she died in Mexico. Tove Alexandersson (born 7 September 1992) is a Swedish orienteering, ski-orienteering competitor and sky runner. She is an ten-time world champion in orienteering, an ten-time world champion in ski-orienteering and a one-time world champion in skyrunning (in her second skyrunning race ever). She runs for Stora Tuna OK in orienteering and Alfta-Ösa OK in ski-orienteering. Christian Mathias Cullen (born 12 February 1976) is a New Zealand former rugby union player. He played most of his rugby at fullback for New Zealand (the All Blacks), for the Hurricanes in the Super 12, and for Manawatu, Wellington and later Munster at provincial level. He was nicknamed the Paekakariki Express and was considered to be one of the most potent running fullbacks rugby has ever seen. With 46 tries scored in 58 tests, Cullen is the 9th-highest try-scorer in international rugby. Aminopterin (or 4-aminopteroic acid), the 4-amino derivative of folic acid, is an antineoplastic drug with immunosuppressive properties often used in chemotherapy. Aminopterin is a synthetic derivative of pterin. Aminopterin works as an enzyme inhibitor by competing for the folate binding site of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase. Its binding affinity for dihydrofolate reductase effectively blocks tetrahydrofolate synthesis. This results in the depletion of nucleotide precursors and inhibition of DNA, RNA, and protein synthesis.
It is classified as an extremely hazardous substance in the United States as defined in Section 302 of the U.S. Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act (42 U.S.C. 11002), and is subject to strict reporting requirements by facilities which produce, store, or use it in significant quantities. Xochimilco may refer to:

Xochimilco, a delegación of the Mexican Federal District
Xochimilco (pre-Columbian city), a pre-Columbian city-state
Lake Xochimilco Tougoudadou is a village in the Piéla Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 612. The year 1910 in science and technology involved some significant events, listed below. The Lincolnshire Yeomanry was a volunteer cavalry unit of the British Army formed in 1794. It saw action in the Second Boer War and the First World War before being disbanded in 1920. Face the Nation is an Australian panel discussion television program which aired on Melbourne station GTV-9 from 20 July 1958 to 10 May 1959. Political matters were often discussed. The chairman of the panel was Roland Strong.TV listings list it as being a live programme. Club Atlético Puerto Nuevo is an Argentine sports club from Campana, Buenos Aires. The club is mostly known for its football team, which currently plays in Primera D, the fifth division of the Argentine league system.
Their name was inspired by a film called Puerto nuevo, starring Pepe Arias. Its colours are inspired by Atlanta. Apart from football, Puerto Nuevo also hosts the practise of swimming, tennis and volleyball. Luciano Macías Argencio (born 28 May 1935) is a former Ecuadorian soccer player who played in the NASL. He also played for the Ecuador national football team. American Girls were an American all-female band based in California, United States.American Girls originally started as a film project, which fizzled. After some personnel changes and more rehearsing, the band sustained many comparisons to the Go-Go's, who were popular at the time as well as signed to the same label, IRS Records. However, American Girls featured veterans of the all-women band scene including Brie Howard who had played drums for Fanny and Miiko Watanabe who played bass with the Screamin' Sirens. They recorded one album only, which was intended as a demo but was pressed to vinyl in its original form. The eponymous debut album was released in March 1986.  The cover shows the band in a hotel room, with alcohol, a deck of cards, and a copy of the National Enquirer.
The video for their single "American Girl" received some airplay on MTV.Their song "Androgynous" appeared in the 1986 film Tough Guys and the song "American Girl" appeared on the soundtrack for Out of Bounds.  They also opened for The Lords of the New Church on 1986 tour dates.Miles Copeland III (brother of the Police's Stewart Copeland) was the band's manager. John Archer (May 5, 1741 – September 28, 1810) was a U.S. Congressman and physician from Maryland, representing the sixth district for three terms from 1801–1807.  His son, Stevenson Archer and grandson Stevenson Archer II were also Congressmen from Maryland.
Archer was born near Churchville, Maryland, and attended the West Nottingham Academy in Cecil County, Maryland, later graduating from Princeton College in 1760.  He studied theology, but owing to a throat affliction, he abandoned his studies in that area and began the study of medicine.  He graduated as a physician from the College of Philadelphia in 1768, receiving the first medical diploma issued on the American continent.In 1769, Archer commenced the practice of law in Harford County, Maryland.  He was a member of the Revolutionary committee from 1774 to 1776, and later raised a military company during the American Revolutionary War.  He was a member of the first state constitutional convention of 1776, and served in the Maryland House of Delegates from 1777 to 1779. During the Revolutionary War, Archer was volunteer aide-de-camp to General Anthony Wayne at Stony Point. On June 1, 1779, Archer was made a captain and subsequently a major in the Continental Army.
Archer was elected as a Democratic-Republican to the Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth Congresses, serving from March 4, 1801 until March 3, 1807.  He founded, with his son Thomas Archer, the medical and chirurgical faculty of Maryland in 1799. In 1810, Archer documented a case of superfecundation, more specifically called "heteropaternal superfecundation," in which a Caucasian woman gave birth to mixed twins — one Caucasian, one Afro-Caucasian - after having had intercourse with two men of differing race within a few weeks. Archer died at his country home, Medical Hall, near Churchville, Maryland, and is interred in the Presbyterian Cemetery of Churchville.
Historical Note: A descendant of Dr. John Archer, one Henry Wilson Archer and his wife Mary Elizabeth Walker Archer, bought the 65 acre farm "Shamrock" from Ellen Howe Davis in 1850. The farm was retained in the Archer family until 1955 when it was sold to the Sparr Construction Company to become the current development of Shamrock in Bel Air, MD. The mansion on the property was burned to the ground by a contingent of 70 Harford County Firemen in October 1963 to make way for the development.<Historical Society of Harford County> Richard Ward (April 15, 1689 – August 21, 1763)  was a governor of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, serving for one complete term from 1741 to 1742. 